# CUBEKATRAZ
a multiplayer coop action game. 2 players have to cooperate to escape from the most dangerous cubical prison



# Main features
1- A website more than a simple game

This project contains a whole website, including several pages, a login/register system and few features to make the website complete.


1- Multiplayer online game

This game is actually hosted at cubekatraz.herokuapp.com
This game is designed to be played by 2 players teams.


2- Registration system

Classic registration system. We do not allow a player to choose an already used username.


3- sessions

Sessions are stored in Mongo DB Atlas, as a collection named "sessions"


4- Instances

Only 2 players can plays on an instance generated by the server ? Sure, but the server allows multiples instances at the same time. In server.js, I created an array named instancesList that contains basically all instances played. When a new request for a match is done, I check the array, if a desactivated match is found, I override the desactivated instance by the new one, if no desactivated instance is found, I push the new match is the array. When a match is ended, it became desactivated.


5- Viewers mode

While a team is playing, viewers can joins the game as spectators, and enjoys the show.


6- Stats and Data Bases

A database named "cubekatraz" exist in Mongo Atlas, containing 3 collections : sessions, users, and matchs. Sessions is used to store users sessions, users contains severals informations on users (description, avatar's image, best score, best time, number of match played, best chrono, and a list of friends), match contain all successful match played in the game, with related informations (players in the match, total score, elapsed time, date, victory match).


7- The lobby

I needed a whole page to make players comfy before a match, so I created the lobby. I was inspired by the Twitch HUD, so I made a chat to allow player to communicate between them before a match. In the lobby you can see every connected player in the lobby, check their profiles, and see every instances currently played, and join them as a viewer. The lobby contain a system to create duos : simply 2 slots that players can fills by clicking "join party" button. When 2 players joins a party, the match start after a 5s countdown.


8- An action/puzzle game

The game is a websocketed real time online game. The game is a serie of levels, top view, that offers to the players challenges based on quickness and puzzles. There is collisions and simple mechanism.


9- Enjoy !

This game is designed to be fun and done quickly, around 5mn for a match. Just try not to be angry on your friend if he sucks.

# Technos
FRONT

HTML, CSS, PUG, vanilla Javascript.

BACK

Express JS, MongoDB
